Pega Cerification
=============

details of the projects
1
Pegasystems - PEGACSA_v6.2
Certified System Architect Exam (CSA) v6.2 Exam
QUESTION: 1
Which two statements are true about Activity step pages? (Choose Two)
A. The step page always corresponds to the class named in the Applies To key part of the Activity
B. Step pages are automatically removed when an Activity ends
C. The step page sets the default page context for the duration of the step's execution
D. Named step pages are not required for each step of an Activity
Answer(s): C, D
QUESTION: 2
Which Activity method is used to view the contents of a step page in XML format? (Choose One)
A. Page-New
B. Show-Page
C. Property-Set
D. Step pages cannot be viewed as XML
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 3
Which two are characteristics of the primary page of an Activity? (Choose Two)
A. It is a clipboard page named Primary
B. It is the default location of properties referenced with a dot and no preceding page name
C. It is the same as the parameter page
D. It is a clipboard page of the Applies To class of the activity or one of its ancestors
Answer(s): B, D
QUESTION: 4
What is the transition in an Activity used for? (Choose One)
A. To repeat a step several times, or until a condition is met
2
B. To change the harness display
C. To jump to a previous step in the Activity
D. To specify conditional processing which is evaluated after the method in the step is executed
Answer(s): D
QUESTION: 5
Which of the following can an activity do that a data transform cannot? (Choose One)
A. Set the value of a property on a clipboard page
B. Apply a data transform
C. Route a work item
D. Remove a clipboard page
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 6
Which statements describe the use of methods in an activity? (Choose Two)
A. Methods are atomic operations performed in activity steps
B. Methods are the same as Java methods
C. You can create activity methods for use in your activities
D. Methods can be applied to clipboard pages
Answer(s): A, D
QUESTION: 7
Which of the following tools can be used to accelerate the creation of rules used to support PRPC
connectors and services? (Choose Two)
A. Application Profile Wizard
B. Connector and Metadata Accelerator
C. Application Accelerator
D. Service Accelerator
Answer(s): B, D
QUESTION: 8
3
A PRPC component that defines and implements an interface between an external application
acting as a client and a Process Commander system acting as a server is called a
______________________? (Choose One)
A. Connector
B. Activity
C. Service
D. Assignment
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 9
The Connector and Metadata Accelerator can simplify the creation of a connector by
________________________ to create the necessary rules. (Choose Two)
A. parsing a WSDL
B. parsing a provided Java source file
C. introspecting class metadata
D. creating an SQL query
Answer(s): A, C
QUESTION: 10
Which of the following is the best method for requesting data from an SQL database? (Choose One)
A. SQL connector
B. SQL listener
C. Service package
D. External database table class mapping
Answer(s): D
QUESTION: 11
Once you create a simulation for a connector, the simulation remains in effect
__________________________. (Choose One)
A. until disabled by using the Connector Simulation tool
B. until the simulation activity is deleted
C. permanently on the system; it can never be disabled
D. until the first call to the connector is completed
4
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 12
On which flow shape would you reference a service rule? (Choose One)
A. Decision
B. Integrator
C. Assignment
D. None of the above shapes
Answer(s): D
QUESTION: 13
Why should a business process be run at least once before measuring it with Performance Analyzer
(PAL)? (Choose One)
A. So PAL can establish a baseline
B. So Rules Assembly occurs and does not adversely affect the outcome
C. So PAL can start up properly
D. So the developer can capture Rules Assembly times
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 14
Which statement is true about Work Users utilizing the Clipboard tool? (Choose One)
A. They may use it to change their portal layout
B. They may use it to change their password
C. They have no access to the Clipboard tool from the standard User portal
D. They may use it to update work object properties
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 15
What is the primary purpose of the My Alerts tool? (Choose One)
A. To review and resolve interactions that exceed predefined threshold settings
B. To insert JavaScript alerts into HTML property rules
5
C. To establish PRPC threshold settings in the prconfig.xml file
D. To create personal alerts warning the System Architect of rule conflicts
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 16
Which of the following tools are most commonly used to evaluate performance during development
of a PRPC application? (Choose Three)
A. Preflight
B. PAL
C. Rules Inspector
D. My Alerts
E. Clipboard
Answer(s): A, B, D
QUESTION: 17
(True or False) When you optimize a property for reporting, any data saved in the BLOB up to that
point is not available for reports.
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 18
An operator enters data into fields on a work item form. When does PRPC write the data to the
database? (Choose One)
A. When the user leaves each field
B. When the user submits the form, but before any validation occurs
C. When the user completes the last assignment in the process
D. When the user submits the form, and after any validation occurs
Answer(s): D
QUESTION: 19
Service Level rules include which of the following time intervals? (Choose Two)
6
A. Milestone
B. Requirement
C. Goal
D. Deadline
Answer(s): C, D
QUESTION: 20
Which connector type can be used to connect an Assignment to another shape? (Choose One)
A. Flow Action
B. Always
C. When
D. Status
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 21
Select two statements which are true about likelihood values associated with flow actions within a
flow rule? (Choose Two)
A. Likelihood values are automatically computed and adjusted within a flow by the system based on
end user behavior over time
B. A likelihood is an integer between 0 and 100
C. Likelihood values stemming from a single flow assignment must equal 100%
D. Likelihood values determine the presentation order of flow actions to the end user on a Perform
form
Answer(s): B, D
QUESTION: 22
In which rule is the New harness for a new work object specified? (Choose One)
A. The concrete class of the work object
B. The NewDefaults activity
C. The pyDefault model
D. The flow rule
7
Answer(s): D
QUESTION: 23
Which of the following attributes can be defined in an Assignment Properties panel in a flow?
(Choose Two)
A. When rule
B. Local Action
C. Valid connectors
D. Service Level
Answer(s): B, D
QUESTION: 24
What is an object in memory called? (Choose One)
A. An item
B. An instance
C. A page
D. An expression
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 25
An Assignment shape specifies the standard assignment type worklist, and references the
ToWorkBasket router. What happens at runtime? (Choose One)
A. The flow will be suspended and control will be transferred to the FlowProblems flow
B. The object will be routed to a worklist
C. The object will be routed to a workbasket
D. The work object will display an error and not be created successfully
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 26
Which three are standard party-related classes? (Choose Three)
A. Data-Party-Person
B. Data-Party-Group
8
C. Data-Party-Operator
D. Data-Party-Com
Answer(s): A, C, D
QUESTION: 27
Which of the following statuses is the standard default status assigned to all new work objects?
(Choose One)
A. Open
B. New
C. Resolved-Completed
D. Start
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 28
Which part of the flow rule defines the work type label displayed to end users when creating a work
object and to developers when testing the flow? (Choose One)
A. The purpose/name of the flow rule
B. The class in which the flow is built
C. The full description of the flow rule
D. The short description of the flow rule
Answer(s): D
QUESTION: 29
What types of correspondence are supported by PRPC? (Choose Four)
A. Email
B. Letter
C. SMS Text
D. Pager
E. Fax
Answer(s): A, B, C, E
QUESTION: 30
9
(True or False) Local actions allow users to take specific actions at runtime but do not move the
work object forward in the flow.
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 31
(True or False) Worklists are not customizable.
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 32
(True or False) A single flow can contain multiple End shapes.
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 33
What is the primary purpose of an Assignment shape in a flow? (Choose One)
A. To generate correspondence automatically
B. To pause the flow while the work object is manually researched or analyzed
C. To resolve the work object
D. To initiate a subflow
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 34
(True or False) Business process flows cannot be tested from the Designer Studio.
A. True
B. False
10
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 35
Which type of rule defines the portion of a work object that typically contains information about
people, companies and organizations interested in a work object? (Choose One)
A. Operator
B. Access Group
C. Work Parties
D. Organization
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 36
(True or False) With process-driven PRPC, a work item is guided through its lifecycle by a process,
which is captured using a flow diagram that is for reference only and not used to generate
executable code.
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 37
Which of the following statements regarding Connector Flow Actions is true? (Choose One)
A. The likelihoods of all of the Connector Flow Actions on a shape must add up to 100
B. A Connector Flow Action specifies an action that can complete an assignment
C. The end user cannot differentiate between a Connector Flow Action and a Local Flow Action
D. A Connector Flow Action represents the outcome of an automated decision
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 38
Upon reaching a Fork shape, PRPC will first evaluate the When rule referenced by
________________________. (Choose One)
A. the connector that has the lowest Likelihood value
11
B. the connector that has the greatest likelihood value
C. the connector that returns the first true result
D. the leftmost connector
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 39
Which of the following should be included in a draft flow? (Choose Four)
A. Decision shapes
B. Decision rules
C. Use cases
D. Integration activities
E. Work status
F. Flow action rules
Answer(s): A, C, E, F
QUESTION: 40
Which statements are true of a screen flow? (Choose Two)
A. Ownership of a work item cannot be transferred within the flow
B. A screen flow can be used as a starting flow
C. A screen flow can call another screen flow
D. A screen flow can use a subprocess shape to spin off a starting flow
Answer(s): A, C
QUESTION: 41
Which of the following is not a valid characteristic of a starting flow? (Choose One)
A. A starting flow creates a work item
B. A starting flow can be a screen flow
C. A starting flow can reference a data transform
D. A starting flow can reference a work parties rule
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 42
12
Which of the following shapes are not allowed in a screen flow? (Choose Two)
A. Decision
B. Split For Each
C. Split Join
D. Utility
E. Subprocess
F. Swimlane
Answer(s): C, F
QUESTION: 43
Is the following flow an example of a valid screen flow? (Choose One)
A. Yes
B. No
C. Cannot be determined from the diagram
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 44
Which of the following is NOT true of a local flow action? (Choose One)
A. It advances the flow
B. It permits users to complete an auxilliary task, such as attaching supporting documentation
C. It can be used to update assignment or work item properties
D. It causes the assignment to remain on the current user's worklist
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 45
In which category of the Application Explorer do you find Correspondence rules? (Choose One)
A. User Interface
B. Process
C. Reports
D. Decision
Answer(s): B
13
QUESTION: 46
Which flow shapes can be used to send correspondence? (Choose Two)
A. Assignment
B. Subprocess
C. Connector
D. Utility
Answer(s): A, D
QUESTION: 47
A red alarm clock indicates that the assignment is _____________. (Choose One)
A. within ten seconds of the deadline
B. within one minute of the deadline
C. within one hour of the deadline
D. within one hour of the goal
E. within one day of the goal
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 48
Which of the following is not a standard work status prefix? (Choose One)
A. Resolved
B. Withdrawn
C. Pending
D. Open
E. New
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 49
Which of the following statements about work status is true? (Choose One)
A. Work status is set at the beginning of a flow and at the end of a flow, but never in between
B. Once a work item is resolved, it no longer appears on a worklist, in a workbasket, or in the
database
C. You can use Utility and Assignment shapes to set the work status
14
D. The PRPC best practice is to always define custom status values and avoid using the standard
status prefixes
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 50
Default work parties are created by ______________. (Choose One)
A. the Application Profile
B. the Application Accelerator
C. a System Architect
D. a Lead System Architect
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 51
Which local flow action would you add to an assignment to allow an operator to add work parties
while processing a work item? (Choose One)
A. AddWorkParty
B. AddParty
C. AddWorkPartyRole
D. RouteToParty
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 52
Which rule types can be specified on a flow action rule form, to process data entered by the user?
(Choose Three)
A. Activity
B. Validate
C. Edit Validate
D. Data Transform
E. Service Level
F. Edit Input
Answer(s): A, B, D
15
QUESTION: 53
What is the best way to resolve a work item in a flow? (Choose One)
A. Set the work item status to a value beginning with "Resolved-" on the last assignment in the flow
B. Use a utility to call the UpdateStatus activity to set the work item status to a value beginning with
"Resolved-"
C. A work item is automatically resolved when it reaches the end shape
D. Use a decision rule to set the work item status
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 54
Review the following diagram:
The Escalate shape represents a(n) ________. (Choose One)
A. Comment
B. Activity
C. Flow/subflow
D. Decision
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 55
How would you designate a “go to” destination for a flow to continue processing, providing an
alternative to the normal, sequential processing of the flow? (Choose One)
A. Use a fork to branch the flow
B. Use a decision to branch the flow
C. Create an activity to branch the flow as needed
D. Set a ticket on the destination shape, and then call the ticket as needed
Answer(s): D
QUESTION: 56
Which shape should be used to call a decision tree to evaluate work object properties? (Choose
One)
A. Shape 1
B. Shape 2
16
C. Shape 3
D. Shape 4
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 57
Review the following diagram:
If the WithinLimit shape references a Decision Tree rule, which type of connector is OverLimit?
(Choose One)
A. When
B. Status
C. Always
D. Flow Action
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 58
If a flow is placed in Draft mode, which of the following two statements are true? (Choose Two)
A. Additional shapes cannot be added
B. Rules may be referenced that do not yet exist
C. The flow can be executed
D. The flow rule is not subject to rule resolution
Answer(s): B, C
QUESTION: 59
Which of the following three shapes are available in a screen flow? (Choose Three)
A. Utility
B. Integrator
C. Subprocess
D. Assignment Service
E. Split Join
F. Decision
Answer(s): A, C, F
17
QUESTION: 60
Which shape should be used to call a connector in a flow? (Choose One)
A. Shape 1
B. Shape 2
C. Shape 3
D. Shape 4
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 61
What is the result of clicking the Where-am-I? ( ) button on a work item form? (Choose One)
A. The harness rule currently in use is displayed in the Designer Studio
B. The user’s worklist is displayed
C. The flow diagram of the current flow rule is displayed in a separate window with an arrow
marking the current assignment
D. The user’s Organization, Division and Unit information from the clipboard is displayed within a
separate XML window
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 62
(True or False) Embedded pages cannot be nested in other embedded pages.
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 63
Which property mode may use a non-numeric subscript? (Choose One)
A. Java Object
B. Single Value
C. Page Group
D. Page List
Answer(s): C
18
QUESTION: 64
Review the following clipboard page:
If pyWorkPage is considered the primary page of an activity, what is the correct way to identify the
property reference to ClaimAmount in the PastClaims page? (Choose One)
A. .PastClaims.ClaimAmount(1)
B. pyWorkPage.PastClaims(1).ClaimAmount
C. .PastClaims(1).ClaimAmount
D. .ClaimAmount
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 65
Review the following screenshot:
In the Miscellaneous Items section, the user can enter several item names. The entered values are
stored in the Items property. Which type of property is this? (Choose One)
A. Page
B. Page List
C. Single Value
D. Value List
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 66
Page List properties typically reference a class derived - directly or indirectly - from which
superclass? (Choose One)
A. Data-
B. Work-
C. Embed-
D. Index-
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 67
19
Validate rules may be specified in which one of the following rule types to validate the properties
displayed on the user interface? (Choose One)
A. Flow Action
B. Section
C. Harness
D. Flow
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 68
By default, where in the database is the data collected by a property you create as part of your data
model is stored? (Choose One)
A. The BLOB column
B. A dedicated column
C. A lookup table
D. A declarative index
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 69
Which of the following statements is false? (Choose One)
A. Page properties can consist of an ordered list of unique property names
B. Threads contain information about a requestor's sessions and associated thread(s), the
application they are accessing, its context, the operator and their organization
C. The name of a page may not derive from system-created pages with reserved names and
purposes
D. pyWorkPage page is a common clipboard page that contains information created during the
processing of a work item
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 70
When creating a data transform, what should you do if the number of rows exceeds 25 rows?
(Choose One)
A. In the final row, call an activity to perform the remaining actions
20
B. Move all of the Set actions rows to the pyDefault data transform rule to reduce the number of
rows
C. In the final row, use the Apply Data Transform action to invoke another data transform that
defines the additional actions
D. Use the <APPEND> keyword in actions instead of adding rows for the Append action
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 71
A data transform in the PurchaseOrder-Work class uses the Set action to set a value for the
property BillingState on the Customer page. The value is MA. The Customer page is specified on the
Pages & Classes tab of the data transform rule form. Which one of the following describes how to
specify the row in the rule form for accomplishing this Set action without any errors or warnings
upon saving the rule form? (Choose One)
A. Select Set in the Action column, enter Customer.BillingState in the Target column, and enter MA
in the Source column
B. Select Set in the Action column, enter Primary.BillingState in the Target column, and enter MA in
the Source column
C. Select Set in the Action column, enter Primary.BillingState in the Target column, and enter "MA"
in the Source column
D. Select Set in the Action column, enter Customer.BillingState in the Target column, and enter "MA"
in the Source column
Answer(s): D
QUESTION: 72
When creating a work item, which of the following rules can be used to set the initial value of a
property? (Choose Two)
A. Property
B. Declare Expressions
C. Data Transform
D. Declare Pages
Answer(s): B, C
QUESTION: 73
A data transform rule can be called by a _____________________ rule. (Choose Three)
21
A. Data Transform
B. Decision Tree
C. Flow Action
D. Flow
E. Declare Expressions
F. Property
Answer(s): A, C, D
QUESTION: 74
Which of the following is not true of the Data Table editor? (Choose One)
A. It is used to add, update, or delete instances of a concrete class
B. It enables developers to maintain instances of the class in the data table
C. It cannot maintain Value List properties
D. None of the above
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 75
Which of the following is not a valid property mode? (Choose One)
A. Single Value
B. Page Item
C. Page List
D. Page Group
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 76
Each of the following properties are set by a pyDefault data transform rule in the indicated class.
GLBX-FW-OnboardingFW-Work
.pxUrgencyWork = 5
Work-Object-
.pyLabel = "Work item"
@baseclass
.pxUrgencyWork = 10
22
.pyLabel = "Work item"
Work-
.pxCreateOperator = "System Architect"
GLBX-FW-OnboardingFW-Work-Equipment Request
.pyLabel = "Work item"
Given the following inheritance diagram, if these data transforms are all superclassed, which
properties will have their values written to the clipboard? (Choose Three)
A. .pyLabel = "Work item" (Work-Object-)
B. .pxUrgencyWork = 10 (@baseclass)
C. .pyLabel = "Work item" (GLBX-FW-OnboardingFW-Work-EquipmentRequest)
D. .pxCreateOperator = "System Architect" (Work-)
E. .pyLabel = "Work item" (@baseclass)
F. .pxUrgencyWork = 5 (GLBX-FW-OnboardingFW-Work)
Answer(s): C, D, F
QUESTION: 77
A local list is defined for a property. Which control should be used to create a selection list for this
property? (Choose One)
A. PromptFieldValueLocalized
B. PromptSelect
C. GetLocalizedValue
D. SmartPrompt
E. DynamicSelect
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 78
When multiple pyDefault data transforms are applied in the creation of a new work object, how are
duplicate values for the same property treated? (Choose One)
A. All property values are set, since a clipboard page can accept multiple values for the same single
value property
B. The first instance of a property found in a data transform is used and not overridden
C. An exception is thrown
23
D. Property values are overridden each time a new instance of a property is found in a subsequently
applied data transform
Answer(s): D
QUESTION: 79
Chaining allows you to use multiple data transforms to initialize property values for new work
objects in an application. Which two actions should be taken to implement this feature? (Choose
Two)
A. Make sure no properties are repeated in the data transforms to be used
B. Make sure all data transforms to be used are in the same RuleSet
C. Check the "Call superclass data transform" box in all data transforms that are to be used
D. Make sure all data transforms to be used have identical names
Answer(s): C, D
QUESTION: 80
A decision needs to be made about whether to issue a health insurance policy based upon the
properties Age, Gender, Smoker, Alcohol Use, and Preexisting Conditions. Each property is
evaluated for each of ten conditions. Which two rule types are best to use? (Choose Two)
A. When
B. Map Value
C. Decision Tree
D. Decision Table
Answer(s): C, D
QUESTION: 81
Review the following Decision Table:
If the credit score is 600 and the outstanding balance is 3000, which value will be returned?
(Choose One)
A. ApproveLevel2
B. ApproveLevel1
C. Reject
D. No value
24
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 82
Which Decision rule type is best used to display nested "if" statements? (Choose One)
A. Map Value
B. When Condition
C. Decision Table
D. Decision Tree
Answer(s): D
QUESTION: 83
What happens if none of the rows in a Decision Table evaluate to True? (Choose One)
A. The table does not return a result value
B. The table's next-highest ancestor is evaluated
C. The table returns a default 'otherwise' value
D. The system cycles through the table again to check for errors
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 84
A requirement specification states that if a test score is between 91 and 100, assign the grade A; 81
- 90, assign a B; 71 - 80, assign a C. Which two rule types are appropriate for this requirement?
(Choose Two)
A. Decision Table
B. Decision Tree
C. When Condition
D. Flow Action
Answer(s): A, B
QUESTION: 85
Which of the following rule types can be used to evaluate multiple property values and, as a result,
return a text value defined in the rule? (Choose One)
25
A. Decision Tree
B. Constraints
C. When Condition
D. Validate
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 86
(True or False) Decision Table rules can be edited in Excel.
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 87
(True or False) Two or more comparisons can be placed into a single cell in a Decision Table rule
using multiple OR conditions.
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 88
Which rule type is not classified as a decision rule? (Choose One)
A. Decision Table
B. Decision Tree
C. Map Value
D. When
E. Declare Expressions
Answer(s): E
QUESTION: 89
Which of the following is not associated with the Decision shape? (Choose One)
A. Decision table
26
B. Map value
C. When rule
D. Decision tree
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 90
(True or False) When PRPC evaluates a decision tree, if the entire tree is processed without
returning a true result, the Otherwise value is returned.
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 91
(True or False) A When rule can be used to conditionally allow a user to perform an action.
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 92
Select the answer that best describes how PRPC executes a decision tree. (Choose One)
A. PRPC evaluates the if portion of the array
B. PRPC continues until it reaches a Return statement
C. PRPC returns the Otherwise value if the entire tree is processed without encountering a Return
statement
D. PRPC performs all of the above actions when evaluating a decision tree
Answer(s): D
QUESTION: 93
A When rule is referenced by which flow shape? (Choose One)
A. Decision
27
B. Fork
C. Connector
D. Assignment
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 94
A Decision shape in a flow can represent either a decision or a fork. Which of the following
statements best describes the difference between a decision and a fork? (Choose One)
A. There is no difference; a decision and a fork are interchangeable
B. A decision requires an Else connector, but a fork does not
C. A fork references a Boolean expression; a decision does not
D. A decision references a rule; a fork does not
Answer(s): D
QUESTION: 95
Which standard harness rule is used to display the Take Action options available to the user
responsible for processing the work object assignment? (Choose One)
A. Review
B. Perform
C. Confirm
D. Reopen
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 96
(True or False) When a Section rule is updated, all Harness rules using that Section rule must also
be opened and saved.
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 97
28
A Property has been added into a Section rule. The input box for that Property should only be
displayed when a clipboard Property is set to a particular value. On the Conditions tab of the Cell
Properties panel, how should the Visible field be set? (Choose One)
A. If Not Blank
B. If Not Zero
C. Other Condition
D. Always
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 98
What are three rule types that can be identified by using the Rules Inspector? (Choose Three)
A. Property
B. Data Transform
C. Constraints
D. Section
E. Harness
Answer(s): A, D, E
QUESTION: 99
The term Dynamic Select refers to ____________. (Choose One)
A. the process used during Rule Resolution
B. a PRPC decision rule
C. a UI control that displays a drop-down list with dynamically-generated values
D. the process used to generate an end user’s RuleSet list
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 100
Which standard Harness rule is displayed as read-only and does not allow user input? (Choose One)
A. Review
B. New
C. Perform
D. Reopen
29
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 101
In which two rule types may Control rules be used to change the formatting of the property display
on the user interface? (Choose Two)
A. Flow Action
B. Section
C. Validate
D. Property
Answer(s): B, D
QUESTION: 102
Which two statements are true about Harnesses and Sections? (Choose Two)
A. Each Harness contains the same three standard Section rules
B. Sections may contain multiple Harnesses
C. Harnesses and the Sections they contain need not be built in the same class
D. Harnesses may contain multiple Sections
Answer(s): C, D
QUESTION: 103
According to the application guardrails, what is the ideal approach to using the Auto-Generate
HTML feature? (Choose One)
A. Leave this feature enabled under all circumstances
B. Disable this feature only when no other preferable solution is available
C. Always disable this feature
D. Disable this feature when a page list needs to be displayed in the user interface
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 104
A user's default portal is defined in the user’s ____________________. (Choose One)
A. Access Group record
B. Application rule
30
C. Operator ID record
D. Organization record
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 105
(True or False) Buttons can be configured on Harnesses that run custom Activities.
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 106
(True or False) The Work- class contains many standard Harness and Section rules for initial
customization of the user interface.
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 107
(True or False) A Property rule uses the Default control to determine how it displays. When the
same Property is used in a Section rule, the control is changed to CurrencyAmount. When the
Section is displayed to an end user, it uses the Default control since the initial value cannot be
overridden in a Section rule.
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 108
(True or False) A Section rule can be embedded in another Section rule.
A. True
B. False
31
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 109
Which of the following standard Harness rules is typically referenced in the Process tab of the Flow
rule? (Choose One)
A. Review
B. New
C. Perform
D. Reopen
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 110
(True or false) Portal rules can only be customized by contacting Pegasystems’ Engineering
department.
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 111
Which of the following standard Section rules is contained in the New and Perform harnesses and
displays general work object fields? (Choose One)
A. Core
B. CoreSummary
C. GeneralSummary
D. GeneralHeader
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 112
Where can you specify a harness? (Choose Three)
A. Process tab of the starter flow rule
B. Parameters tab of the starter flow rule
C. Assignment shape
32
D. Start shape of a subflow
E. Connector shape
Answer(s): A, C, D
QUESTION: 113
When using a grid, tree, or tree grid repeating layout which of the following edit modes allow a
system architect to call a flow action to present a separate UI to edit a list entry? (Choose Two)
A. Read only
B. Write only
C. Read/Write
D. Inline
E. Modal Dialog
Answer(s): D, E
QUESTION: 114
What types of properties can be used when creating a repeating layout? (Choose Two)
A. Page
B. Page List
C. Value List
D. Value
E. Paragraph
F. Paragraph List
Answer(s): B, C
QUESTION: 115
Which type of layout would you use to minimize developer effort in formatting? (Choose One)
A. Smart Layout
B. Free Form Layout
C. Simple Layout
D. Repeating Layout
Answer(s): A
33
QUESTION: 116
(True or False) You can convert a layout from a Smart Layout to a Free Form Layout and back to a
Smart Layout by editing the layout's properties panel.
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 117
When a user enters an invalid value into an entry field on a work item, how does PRPC alert the
user? (Choose One)
A. PRPC indicates the field that contains the incorrect data with a red border
B. PRPC displays a red X next to the field in error
C. PRPC presents the user with a pop-up dialog that lists the incorrect data
D. PRPC displays the incorrect value in red-colored text
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 118
A property named CatalogCode of type Text is added to a section. You want the system to display
the message "Entry must be less than six characters" if the user enters a value that is longer than six
characters. Which one of the following methods is an easy way to achieve this result? (Choose One)
A. Use an activity
B. Use the Behavior field in the Cell Properties for the CatalogCode field
C. Use the Expected Length field in the CatalogCode property rule form
D. Use a validate rule
Answer(s): D
QUESTION: 119
When a validate rule is used to test the values of multiple properties and if a property value fails its
validation criteria, the system continues to test the remaining properties only if ______________.
(Choose One)
A. the validate rule was called using the Page-Validate method in an activity
B. the Continue Validation checkbox is selected in the Validation Conditions for the property that
failed
34
C. the property is the first one listed in the validate rule
D. the validate rule uses input-qualified validation
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 120
Which of the following is a good use of the DynamicSelect UI control? (Choose One)
A. To present to the user a short list of allowed choices, and allow the user to enter a value not
displayed in the drop-down list
B. To present to the user a short list of choices defined in a property rule
C. To present to the user a static list of allowed choices
D. To present to the user a list of choices that are generated by an activity, list view, clipboard page,
or report definition
Answer(s): D
QUESTION: 121
DynamicSelect and AutoComplete list items can both be generated from which of the following
sources? (Choose Two)
A. Property
B. Activity
C. List view
D. Report definition
Answer(s): B, D
QUESTION: 122
Select the best option for presenting a large list of dynamic values to a user. (Choose One)
A. Local List
B. AutoComplete
C. DynamicSelect
D. SmartPrompt
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 123
35
Other than a Report Definition, which two rules can be used to generate the list used in a Dynamic
Select control? (Choose Two)
A. ListView
B. Property
C. SummaryView
D. Activity
Answer(s): A, D
QUESTION: 124
Which two rules are used to combine icons, sections and buttons for display to the end user?
(Choose Two)
A. Harness
B. Flow Action
C. Section
D. Portal
Answer(s): A, C
QUESTION: 125
Which of the following is not true of a substitute operator? (Choose One)
A. A specific operator can be assigned
B. A specific workbasket can be assigned
C. A specified work group can be assigned
D. It can be determined by a decision tree rule
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 126
A worklist displays a list of open _______________. (Choose One)
A. assignments
B. work items
C. service levels
D. correspondence
Answer(s): A
36
QUESTION: 127
An operator opens a work item from a workbasket and immediately closes it. What happens to the
work item? (Choose One)
A. The work item remains in the operator's worklist, where PRPC moved it when the operator
opened it
B. The work item remains in the workbasket for another operator to open
C. The work item was copied to the operator's worklist when it was opened, and the copy was
deleted when it was closed
D. The work item is returned to the workbasket with an increased urgency
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 128
Urgency is _______________. (Choose One)
A. a numeric property that defines the importance of promptly completing and resolving the
assignment
B. used to determine the prioritized order that assignments appear on worklists
C. a value between 0 - 100
D. all of the above
Answer(s): D
QUESTION: 129
A service level rule is defined with the following settings:
If the default urgency value for the work item is 20, what is the urgency four days after the work
item reaches the assignment? (Choose One)
A. 70
B. 45
C. 60
D. 50
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 130
37
A service level rule is defined with the following settings:
After 4 days, what is the urgency of the assignment if the default urgency for the work item is 0
(zero)? (Choose One)
A. 45
B. 65
C. 50
D. 80
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 131
Review the following rule:
A work object with an urgency value of 10 reaches an assignment with this service level rule
attached. After three hours have passed, the urgency value of the assignment will be ______. (Choose
One)
A. 10
B. 20
C. 23
D. 25
E. 28
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 132
(True or False) Node level Declarative Pages cannot be shared between requestors.
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 133
Which two statements are true concerning Declarative Pages? (Choose Two)
A. They may be shared between requestors
B. They are automatically generated when a new work object is created
38
C. They can conditionally expire, which allows them to be refreshed
D. They are called sequentially, not declaratively
Answer(s): A, C
QUESTION: 134
(True or False) Node Declarative Pages can only be shared among requestors in a specifically
configured workgroup.
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 135
In order to enable the dynamic calculation feature of a Declare Expressions rule, the "Enable
Expression Calculation" box must be checked in which rule? (Choose One)
A. Harness
B. Portal
C. Declare Expression
D. HTML
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 136
When a Declarative Page runs on a node, which of the following methods is used to determine the
RuleSet list used to access the load activity? (Choose One)
A. The end user’s RuleSet list
B. The access group configured in the declare pages rule
C. The access group of the user’s Organization
D. The access group of the user’s Division
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 137
(True or False) Declarative Page names must begin with the prefix “Declare_”.
39
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 138
When are declared pages created? (Choose One)
A. At system startup
B. When the previous version expires
C. When first accessed
D. When the rule gets created
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 139
When does PRPC refresh a declared page that has expired? (Choose One)
A. As soon as the declared page expires
B. When PRPC accesses the declared page
C. When defined in the rule form
D. When the user accesses the clipboard
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 140
Which of the following statements regarding dynamic expression calculation is true? (Choose One)
A. Dynamic expression calculation does not occur when changing a property value
programmatically, such as with an activity
B. Dynamic expression calculation may occur when an input to the target property changes
C. Dynamically calculated values automatically update on a flow action
D. Backward-chaining is not a form of dynamic expression calculation
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 141
(True or False) Declare Expressions rules can be used in both forward and backward chaining.
40
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 142
When the system automatically checks an internal dependency network for other values that are
affected and performs other processing as determined by the network, the system is performing a
process called __________________. (Choose One)
A. Forward Chaining
B. Declarative Processing
C. Declarative Network Analysis
D. Backward Chaining
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 143
The properties to be constrained by a Constraints rule may be in ______________. (Choose Two)
A. The Applies To class of the Constraints rule
B. The class of an embedded page
C. Embed-Rule-Constraints
D. Data-Constraints
Answer(s): A, B
QUESTION: 144
In the following example, the Declarative Rules Inspector is enabled, and a "D" appears next to the
value for the Rate property, which is calculated with a Declare Expressions rule named Rate.
What happens when you click the "D"? (Choose One)
A. Nothing. The D is only an indicator, with no action associated with it
B. PRPC opens the Rate property rule
C. PRPC opens the Rate Declare Expressions rule
D. PRPC opens the Dependency Network for Rate
Answer(s): D
41
QUESTION: 145
Declarative Pages operate within which of the following scopes? (Choose Three)
A. Thread
B. Single
C. Node
D. Server
E. Operator
F. Requestor
Answer(s): A, C, F
QUESTION: 146
What is the primary difference between a Validate rule and a Constraints rule? (Choose One)
A. A Validate rule can reference either Validate rules or Constraints rules, while a Constraints rule
can only reference other Constraints rules
B. Constraints rules are evaluated declaratively, while Validate rules are executed procedurally
C. Constraints rules are evaluated procedurally, while Validate rules are executed declaratively
D. A Validate rule indicates the specific property that fails validation, while a Constraints rule does
not indicate the specific property that fails validation
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 147
An end user has the following RuleSet list:
When executing an activity, which three RuleSet versions are evaluated? (Choose Three)
A. PolicyAdminGeneral:03-04-08
B. PolicyAdminGeneral:03-03-01
C. PolicyAdmin:02-05-01
D. PolicyAdmin:02-03-12
Answer(s): A, B, D
QUESTION: 148
The primary function of an Application rule is to _________________. (Choose One)
42
A. Define a set of RuleSets and versions to be used to populate a user's RuleSet list
B. Order RuleSet version prerequisites for developers
C. Identify a user’s primary and secondary access groups
D. Define the class names used in a particular application
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 149
Which RuleSet versions are accessible to an end user for the RuleSet MyCo if MyCo:07-27 is
included in the runtime RuleSet list? (Choose One)
A. 07-27-01 to 07-27-99
B. 07-01-27
C. 07-01-01 to 07-27-99
D. 07-27-01
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 150
RuleSets are referenced in _____, which are referenced in _____, which are referenced in _____.
A. Access groups; Application rules; Operator ID records
B. Application rules; Operator ID records; Access groups
C. Application rules; Access groups; Operator ID records
D. Access groups; Operator ID records; Application rules
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 151
Review the following diagram:
A work object of the class MyCo-PL-Work-PolicyAdmin-NewBusiness is being instantiated. A rule
named SampleRule exists at @baseclass, Work-Cover-, and PolicyAdmin-Work. At runtime, which
version of SampleRule will be located and executed during Rule Resolution? (Choose One)
A. @baseclass.SampleRule
B. Work-Cover-.SampleRule
C. PolicyAdmin-Work.SampleRule
D. the version in the RuleSet that is highest on the RuleSet list
43
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 152
Developers are finished developing rules in a particular RuleSet version. What should be done to
prevent these rules from being updated by others? (Choose One)
A. Make the rules unavailable
B. Change the RuleSet name
C. Change the RuleSet version prerequisite
D. Lock the RuleSet version
Answer(s): D
QUESTION: 153
KChapman@MyCo.com needs to check out the NewAccount flow rule in the
MyCoCommercialAccount:03-05-02 RuleSet in order to modify it. When it is checked out, a copy of
the rule is placed in which RuleSet? (Choose One)
A. KChapman@MyCo.com
B. MyCoCommercialAccount:03-05-01
C. MyCoCommercialAccount:03-05-03
D. Pega-ProCom:05-01-10 (or current 5.1 version)
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 154
(True or False) When circumstancing a rule, a "base" version of the rule to be circumstanced must
already exist.
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 155
(True or False) You can create a circumstanced rule without first creating a base rule instance. In
this case, the rule is only applied if the qualifiers are met.
A. True
44
B. False
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 156
(True or False) During rule resolution, a circumstanced rule is executed if the value of the
circumstance property on the rule matches that property's value on the clipboard at runtime.
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 157
To determine which rule instance to use, PRPC prioritizes RuleSets in what order? (Choose One)
A. Personal RuleSet, application RuleSet, production RuleSet, standard PRPC RuleSet
B. Personal RuleSet, production RuleSet, application RuleSet, standard PRPC RuleSet
C. Application RuleSet, production RuleSet, personal RuleSet, standard PRPC RuleSet
D. Production RuleSet, personal RuleSet, application RuleSet, standard PRPC RuleSet
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 158
(True or False) When an operator edits a rule instance from a locked RuleSet, the rule is saved to
the operator's personal RuleSet.
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 159
Which Clipboard page contains information about the application currently in use? (Choose One)
A. pxRequestor
B. pyWorkPage
C. pxThread
D. pxProcess
45
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 160
Which of the following is a step in the rule resolution process? (Choose One)
A. PRPC discards rule instances that are not in an applicable RuleSet
B. PRPC clears the rule cache to free memory
C. PRPC adds rules instances with availabilty set to "Yes" or "Final" to the cache
D. PRPC ranks rule instances according to their availability
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 161
Which rule availability setting allows you to mask a rule in a child class and fall back to the same
rule in a parent class? (Choose One)
A. Withdrawn
B. Blocked
C. Hidden
D. Skipped
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 162
An existing, released application applies a rule instance to a specific work type. You wish to apply
this rule to a less-specialized class in the next release of the application. Select the best method to
accomplish this task. (Choose One)
A. Unlock any RuleSet version that contains the rule instance, and delete each instance applied to
the work type. Then, create a new instance applied to the less-specific class
B. Create two new instances of the rulE. one applied to the work type, with availability set to
Blocked, and the other applied to the less-specific class with availability set to Yes
C. Create two new instances of the rulE. one applied to the work type and saved to a RuleSet that
end-users cannot access, and the other applied to the less-specific class and saved to a RuleSet that
end users can access
46
D. Create two new instances of the rulE. one applied to the work type, with availability set to
Withdrawn, and the other applied to the less-specific class with availability set to Yes
E. Use a decision table or decision tree to call the less-specialized instance when the user runs the
most-recent version of the application
Answer(s): D
QUESTION: 163
An application contains two instances of a section rule named ReviewOrderInfo, applied to different
classes. One instance of ReviewOrderInfo is saved in a production RuleSet, and the other instance is
saved in an application RuleSet. When a user runs the application, which instance of the
ReviewOrderInfo section does PRPC use? (Choose One)
A. The instance in the production RuleSet
B. The instance in the application RuleSet
C. The answer cannot be determined from the information provided
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 164
Which of the following factors impacts whether an operator can use a particular rule instance when
running an application? (Choose Three)
A. The RuleSet version that contains the rule instance
B. Applying the rule instance to a parent class
C. The application version listed on the operator’s access group
D. Changing the availability of the rule instance from Yes to Final
E. Circumstancing the rule instance
F. Saving the rule instance in a prerequisite RuleSet
Answer(s): A, C, E
QUESTION: 165
Select two statements that are true of Atomic Use Cases. (Choose Two)
A. They are defined for each work type and are small and granular
B. They are owned by multiple actors
47
C. They change ownership several times during processing
D. They correspond to flow actions, flows, screen flows, harnesses, or activities
Answer(s): A, D
QUESTION: 166
Application guardrails recommend that developers ____. (Choose Three)
A. Create Java steps in Activities
B. Adopt an iterative approach
C. Calculate and edit procedurally
D. Design intent-driven processes
E. Build for change
Answer(s): B, D, E
QUESTION: 167
When following PRPC best practices, which artifact is completed prior to running the Application
Accelerator? (Choose One)
A. Enterprise Data Model
B. Application Profile
C. Class Structure Diagram
D. User Interface Design Review
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 168
What does “Build For Change®” mean? (Choose One)
A. Build applications without change control, in order to complete projects more quickly
B. Launch applications as soon as possible so that performance testing can be done in Production
C. Build applications that are more easily adaptable to inevitable business change
D. Business architects initially build PRPC applications and system architects subsequently change
them
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 169
48
Before running the Application Profile wizard, one should first gather information about which four
of the following key design elements? (Choose Four)
A. Actors
B. Work Types
C. Interfaces
D. Classes and Inheritance
E. Correspondence
Answer(s): A, B, C, E
QUESTION: 170
Which of the following is not a valid Process Discovery Map shape? (Choose One)
A. Decision step
B. Human-based step
C. Sub process
D. Integration
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 171
During which part of the DCO process does draft UI generation occur? (Choose One)
A. Construction
B. Inception
C. Initiation
D. Elaboration
Answer(s): D
QUESTION: 172
Which of the following rules should you create or edit when you develop a draft user interface?
(Choose Two)
A. Section
B. Property
C. Flow Action
D. Paragraph
E. Layout
49
Answer(s): A, C
QUESTION: 173
Which DCO tool would be used by a business analyst or business architect to gather and sequence
project use cases and requirements for a reusable application? (Choose One)
A. Application Accelerator
B. Application Documentation Wizard
C. Application Express
D. Application Profiler
E. Project Sizing tool
Answer(s): D
QUESTION: 174
Which DCO tool would be used by a Lead System Architect to create a reusable enterprise
application based on collected use cases and requirements? (Choose One)
A. Project Sizing tool
B. Application Documentation Wizard
C. Application Profiler
D. Application Accelerator
E. Application Express
Answer(s): D
QUESTION: 175
Why do Pegasystems best practices suggest limiting flow rules to 15 shapes (excluding
Connectors)? (Choose One)
A. Flows with too many shapes can introduce complex, difficult-to-debug processes in an
application
B. Flows with more than 15 shapes cannot be printed
C. Flows with more than 15 shapes cannot be updated
D. More than 15 shapes in one flow rule may result in performance issues
Answer(s): A
50
QUESTION: 176
(True or False) The Application Accelerator can be utilized without first creating an Application
Profile.
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 177
Which statement is true about work item instances? (Choose One)
A. Some work items do not have work item IDs
B. All work items belong to covers
C. A work item may be instantiated from an abstract class
D. Every work item is an instance of a concrete class
Answer(s): D
QUESTION: 178
Select three characteristics of a concrete class from the following list. (Choose Three)
A. Class name must end in a '-'
B. It may belong to a class group
C. It may be a class group
D. It must inherit from an abstract class
E. It can have instances
Answer(s): B, C, E
QUESTION: 179
Review the following diagram:
What is the directed parent of the class MyCo-HR-TimeOff-LeaveRequest? (Choose One)
A. Work-
B. MyCo-
C. MyCo-HR-TimeOff
D. Work-Object51
Answer(s): D
QUESTION: 180
A class rule _____. (Choose One)
A. must specify both directed and pattern inheritance
B. must always specify pattern inheritance
C. must always specify directed inheritance
D. need not specify directed nor pattern inheritance
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 181
Select two statements from the following list which are true concerning work pools. (Choose Two)
A. They directly correspond to class groups
B. A user may have access to no more than ten work pools
C. A user's default work pool is established in the user's access group
D. They are created by Work Pool rules
Answer(s): A, C
QUESTION: 182
Which statement is true about pattern inheritance? (Choose One)
A. It only applies to work classes
B. It causes a class to inherit rules from parent classes, matching its prefix to the parent class name
C. It is executed after directed inheritance
D. It causes a class to inherit rules from a class not related to its parent
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 183
Class design best practices dictate that a class group should directly or indirectly inherit from which
class? (Choose One)
A. Work-Object-
B. @baseclass
C. Work52
D. Work-Cover
E. Work-Folder-
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 184
Review the following diagram:
A work object of class MyCo-HR-TimeOff-SpecialLeaveRequest references an activity called
GetBalance. If the activity is not found in this class, and pattern inheritance is enabled in this class,
which class is evaluated next? (Choose One)
A. MyCo-HR-TimeOff-LeaveRequest
B. Work-Object-
C. MyCo-HR-TimeOff
D. @baseclass
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 185
(True or False) Every class, except @baseclass, must define a directed inheritance path.
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 186
On the Class form, all concrete classes fall into which three of the following categories? (Choose
Three)
A. This class is a class group
B. This class belongs to a class group
C. This class is a work class
D. This class does not belong to a class group.
Answer(s): A, B, D
QUESTION: 187
53
The Application Explorer displays which rules? (Choose One)
A. All of the rules in PRPC
B. Rules in a work pool/class group and its associated work classes
C. Only rules you have worked on since logging on
D. Only rules you have worked on in the last 7 days
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 188
The class layer that extends a reusable class structure for a specific implementation is called which
of the following? (Choose One)
A. Framework layer
B. Work layer
C. Implementation layer
D. Top layer
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 189
The following diagram is an example of which tool? (Choose One)
A. Application Explorer
B. Class Inheritance Diagram
C. Class Structure Viewer
D. Application Profile Wizard
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 190
Class design best practices dictate that abstract class names _______________. (Choose One)
A. should not end with a hyphen
B. should end with an asterisk
C. have no particular naming convention
D. should end with a hyphen
Answer(s): D
54
QUESTION: 191
The class layer that creates a reusable class structure that can be extended for specific
implementations is called which of the following? (Choose One)
A. Framework layer
B. Work layer
C. Implementation layer
D. Top layer
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 192
When creating an application with both implementation and framework classes, which class would
be the directed parent of a work class in the implementation layer? (Choose One)
A. The corresponding work class in the framework layer
B. The class group in the framework layer
C. Work-
D. The class group in the inheritance layer
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 193
Which of the following is not true of a data class? (Choose One)
A. It must inherit, either directly or indirectly, from the Data- class
B. It must belong to a class group
C. It should correspond to a distinct entity in the data model
D. It can inherit rules other than properties
Answer(s): B
QUESTION: 194
Which of the following are true about classes in PRPC? (Choose Two)
A. Classes represent the applicability of rules
B. Rules can only be inherited from a class designated as a prerequisite class
C. Classes can inherit rules from other classes
D. Classes can be versioned using a set of three two-digit numbers, such as 01-05-17
55
Answer(s): A, C
QUESTION: 195
Given the following inheritance diagram, which class MUST be a class group? (Choose One)
A. GLBX-FW-OnboardingFW-Work-EquipmentRequest
B. GLBX-FW-OnboardingFWC.
GLBX-FWD.
GLBX-FW-OnboardingFW-Work
E. There is no class group
Answer(s): D
QUESTION: 196
Given the following inheritance diagram, what is the full inheritance path for the GLBX-FWOnboardingFW-
class, as determined by rule resolution? (Choose One)
A. GLBX-FW-OnboardingFW-, GLBX-FW-, GLBX-, Work-, @baseclass
B. GLBX-FW-OnboardingFW-, GLBX-FW-, GLBX-, @baseclass, Work-
C. GLBX-FW-OnboardingFW-, GLBX-FW- , GLBX-, Work-Object-, Work-, @baseclass
D. GLBX-FW-OnboardingFW-, Work-, @baseclass
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 197
From the following choices, select three statements that are true about a framework layer. (Choose
Three)
A. The framework layer is a reusable application that can be used as the basis for a specific
implementation
B. A framework layer may be built upon another framework layer
C. A framework layer can support only one implementation layer
D. Rules applied to a class in the framework layer can be called from the implementation layer
E. During rule resolution, PRPC assembles one rule cache for the framework layer, and another rule
cache for the implementation layer
F. The framework layer may only consist of abstract classes
Answer(s): A, B, D
56
QUESTION: 198
Which of the following must be true to add a chart to a report? (Choose One)
A. The report must include at least one column of summarized data
B. The report cannot use a SQL function to obtain data to display in the chart
C. The report must contain a filter
D. The report cannot contain a filter
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 199
Which of the following statements about reporting in PRPC are true? (Choose Two)
A. You can add charts to list-type reports convey the report's meaning more clearly
B. Managers can create their own reports
C. You have to log in to PRPC to see report results
D. You can share your reports with colleagues in PRPC
Answer(s): B, D
QUESTION: 200
Which of the following statements are true about the Report Browser? (Choose Two)
A. The Report Browser is a tool for managers. System architects can only work on reports by editing
their underlying Report Definition rule in the Designer Studio
B. You cannot create a report in the Report Browser without first creating a personal category to
put it in
C. Shortcuts provide a quick, high-level view of a report's data
D. You can add another schedule to an already-scheduled report
E. If you schedule a report, you must configure the email message that the report uses to deliver
information to its subscribers
Answer(s): B, E
QUESTION: 201
(True or False) Process Commander provides a set of functions to use in the Function Builder when
you create a report. If you cannot find a function that provides the information your report needs,
you can create a custom function and use that.
57
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 202
Which of the following can you perform when editing a Report Definition rule that you cannot do in
either the Report Browser or Report Viewer? (Choose Three)
A. Prevent others from editing the report in the Report Viewer
B. Prevent the report from appearing in the Report Browser
C. Add custom commands to the right-click (context) menu
D. Add sub-reports to filter the data the report displays
E. Share the report with colleagues using the Report Browser
F. Schedule the report to run at regular intervals
Answer(s): A, B, D
QUESTION: 203
In what ways can an end user add, remove, or update filters on a report? (Choose Three)
A. Right-click on a row of data and select "Edit Filter Conditions..."
B. Right-click on a column heading and select "Advanced Filtering"
C. Right-click on any element in a chart to display the Filter Wizard
D. Click the Advanced Filtering icon in the command ribbon
E. Click any element in the list of filters that appears in the report header
F. Click the report title and select "Edit Filter Conditions..." from the menu
Answer(s): B, D, E
QUESTION: 204
Other than an activity, which rule type can be used to populate a declare page? (Choose One)
A. Data Transform
B. Report Definition
C. Decision Table
D. Database
E. All of the above can be used to populate a declare page
Answer(s): B
58
QUESTION: 205
When creating a list-type report, which attribute can we NOT specify about the data returned by the
report? (Choose One)
A. The format of the data
B. The sort order of the data
C. Whether the data appears on a chart
D. Whether the data should appear in the report or not
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 206
A manager can create a report in which of the following categories? (Choose One)
A. Only a standard category
B. Only a shared category
C. Only a personal category
D. A shared category or a personal category
E. A standard category or a personal category
F. A standard category, a shared category, or a personal category
Answer(s): D
QUESTION: 207
Which of the following can be used to define a column in a report? (Choose Two)
A. Another report
B. A SQL function
C. A Java function
D. An exposed property
E. A class join
Answer(s): B, D
QUESTION: 208
Which of the following definitions is incorrectly matched with one of the 6R's of PRPC? (Choose
One)
59
A. ResolvinG. Complete the work, then update downstream systems promptly through automated
process and automated support of users
B. ReceivinG. Accept and capture the essential data describing work from multiple sources
C. ReportinG. Communicate status, requests for information, and progress to the work originator
and to other interested people involved in the work
D. ResearchinG. Support analysis and decision-making by providing access to external systems and
databases
Answer(s): C
QUESTION: 209
(True or False) A business process describes and controls how business is conducted.
A. True
B. False
Answer(s): A
QUESTION: 210
The elements that make up a Business Process Management application include _________. (Choose
Three)
A. process
B. user interface
C. forms
D. logic and decisions
E. analyzing
F. routing
Answer(s): A, B, D
QUESTION: 211
Which of the following are true statements regarding a work type? (Choose Three)
A. A work type represents a fundamental unit of work to be processed and resolved
B. A work type is a template used to create a work item
C. A work type can be assigned to a user
D. A work type defines the process used to complete, or resolve, work
E. A work type has a unique status
60
Answer(s): A, B, D
QUESTION: 212
By default, which types of information are automatically added to the history of a work item?
(Choose Four)
A. Changes to work status
B. Audit notes
C. Changes to property values
D. Assignment instructions
E. The work type used to create the work item
F. The user who created the work item
Answer(s): A, B, D, F
QUESTION: 213
What is the key difference between BPM application development and traditional application
development? (Choose One)
A. A BPM application is process-centric (all elements of the application depend upon the process)
B. In a BPM application, elements of the application – such as UI, logic, and data – cannot be
modular
C. A traditional application cannot be used in an N-tier environment
D. A traditional application allows for direct execution of the business process, while a BPM
application does not
Answer(s): A
